hi everybody this is jimmy deyoung
welcome to prophecy today video on this
edition of prophecy today video it's
going to be a special edition focusing
on the 10th anniversary of the 911
attacks on the United States of America
is there going to be another attack like
this is the Islamic world preparing for
just such a 911 style attack on America
or some other nation in the world well
the answer is yes and in fact if you
listen to the conversations that I had
with our broadcast partners this last
weekend on prophecy Day weekend you'll
be very aware that what I am saying is
absolutely correct you can go to our
website prophecy today.com go to PT RN
and all of those conversations are there
the ones i had with Bob McGinnis Dave
Dolan Ken timmerman and Rob Condon we
talked with Colonel Bob McGinnis in
Washington DC he said the United States
has many challenges as it relates to
their security level to protect the
United States and all of its citizens
from any attack on the United States
David Dolan he's our broadcast partner
in Jerusalem he said the Arab Spring has
enhanced and embolden the Islamist and
in fact even an Israeli general said
that is the case and everything is being
prepared for a Middle East war that 911
type attack may not be on America but
possibly his role will talk about that
in just a moment ken timmerman brought
to the information table that indeed
al-qaeda has not given away its idea of
setting up a worldwide Caliphate thus
they are still motivated to do exactly
what they did 9-11 back in 2001 and dr.
Rob congdon looking at the European
Union for us even told us that security
is in place there in Europe they may not
be as safe as they think they are and of
course they have perfect empathy with
the United States with the commemoration
of that terrible attack that horrific
attack on the United States some ten
years ago well there will be my friend
another 911 type attack it will take
place I cannot say for sure that the
attack will be on America are on Europe
however I can say for sure based on the
Word of God that there will be a major
attack on the Jewish state of Israel in
the last days in fact in my recent
conversation with David Dolan our
broadcast partner there in Jerusalem he
did say that the situation in the Middle
East is actually set for just such an
attack to take place let me remind you
of something please we do not determine
our understanding of Bible prophecy by
geopolitical events unfolding in our
world we find out how Bible prophecy
will be played out by looking and
studying God's Word so that's exactly
what I would like to do think your Bible
and let's go to the Book of Daniel
chapter 11 Daniel 11 and we'll look at
four verses in particular vs 42 44
daniel chapter 11 this is the passage of
scripture that helps us to understand
who will be the first players to form
this coalition of Nations and align
themselves against the Jewish state of
Israel I said there will be a 911 type
attack or a style of attack that took
place on America some place in the world
the Bible tells us for sure we don't
know about Europe we don't know about
the United States we don't know about
any place else but we know what God's
Word says about the Jewish state of
Israel there in the Middle East and
daniel chapter 11 a prophet writing
2,500 years ago foretold what would
happen in the days in which i believe we
aren't living there in verse 40 of
Daniel 11 we see at mentions the king of
the north and the King of the South now
early on in chapter 11 you determined
who these two locations geographically
are the king of the north would come out
of what we know today is modern-day
Syria the King of the South would come
out of modern-day Egypt and early on in
chapter 11 Daniel explains that with
perfect detail and the prophecies that
he made about Egypt and Syria in the
past were fulfilled so thus when we come
to the end of time as the prophecy
relates there in Daniel chapter 11 we
can be assured that he's talking about
Syria and Egypt look at verse 43 he not
only mentions the king of the north Siri
the King of the South Egypt he mentions
Libya
these would be the first three nations
that are going to come against Israel
now my friend if you've been listening
to this broadcast have you been paying
attention to the news you have to know
that Syria isn't an uproar that Egypt
has been well the president of the
country Hosni Mubarak overthrown the
demonstrations of the street and out
over they take down the Israeli embassy
within the last 24 hours it's amazing as
to what is happening with the radical
elements coming to power in both Syria
and Egypt and then hello Libya Colonel
Qaddafi on the run those people that are
coming to power their have radical
Islamic elements within them they've
already talked about implementing a
Islamic state a state that would be
under the Sharia law we're talking about
radicals coming to power in the first
three nations according to Bible
prophecy that make their move against
the Jewish state of Israel that Syria
Egypt and Libya then as you notice
before we leave Daniel chapter 11 and
verse 44 and 45 it also mentions
Ethiopia verse 44 it talks about out of
the East troubles out of the north
troubles that takes us to the Book of
Ezekiel chapter 38 Ezekiel chapter 38 is
that focus of the GOG Magog war it's
talking about another group of Nations
that will join the forces with Syria and
Egypt and Libya to come against the
Jewish state for example when we look
there in verse 5 it talks about Persia
now persia until nineteen thirty six
would be persia but today three
different states iran afghanistan and
pakistan in verse 5 it mentions ethiopia
that's push or Ethiopia Somalia Sudan
put our Libya these nations are nations
that are in this alignment that want to
come against the Jewish state of Israel
and destroy it notice verses 2 and 6 it
mentions me shaken tubal in verse 2
global and Gomer and togarmah in verse 6
my friend that is modern day Turkey and
when we talked with David Dolan about
Turkey's desires to become the Islamic
leaders of the world this fits right
into
scenario these nations are all rising up
aligning themselves against the Jewish
state of Israel but when they attack
they will be destroyed now when are they
going to attack first 8 says when the
Jews are dwelling safely in the land
that's Ezekiel 38 8 verse 11 says when
they're living in unwalled cities in
other words when they've laid down their
weapons that's when that peace treaty
has been confirmed by the Antichrist at
the beginning of the tribulation period
that's the time to attack the end result
well radical Islam's will be wiped out r
as radical Islamists are not going to be
around because Ezekiel 38 18 to 39 six
so they'll be wiped out in fact five out
of every six of the nations of the
people of these nations will be
destroyed because God has a plan for a
false religion in Rome Italy and Islam
will not be a part of that Islam will be
rendered in operative but when is that
first six months of the tribulation
period that follows the rapture of the
church and why I said all of this is
that the rapture is the next main event
on God's calendar of activities no
prophecies to be fulfilled before that
although the prophecies we've been
talking about today on this broadcast
will be fulfilled after the rapture of
the church that leaves me with basically
nothing else to say because the Raptors
next and having said that let's keep
looking up until
you